and I say here no further than we are more
independent and my best friend from
independent I come with him to
support him and he I mobilized since yesterday
a clarification that invited me to the
chin
her name as it is forgiveness Alejandra
albariño alejandro and his and the bust
good
they told me that while you
walked people applauded what
congratulated because because the truth that
I have to be with so many people
sebastián is listening to you this fan
who obviously had the courage to come
at 6 o'clock independent dressed with the use
of reason, sir, how are you doing?
that also has a pleasure a pleasure
well, people are insulting the
former president of independent in what
moment he decided to go and at what time
he decided to go and say good I want
go boys I swells racing
I have to you see other colors swelled by me
I 'm glad I 'm sorry when racing wins
when racing you lose but point I want
go because the slogan is a football a
football without violence what time what
He decided
I was eating listening to all this
and when they said there was a
mobilization I told my lady my house
they are all independent i told you tomorrow
I'll be there with my shirt
I'm supporting football that most
logical
it seems to me that this man who is
doing everything you told me that your
best friend your best friend who is there
next is independent fan is
independent strong but we are the best
friend for more than 30 years good is what
only I told him the other day when
smooth file 4 I told the lady
buy me four kilos bread hurry up choose
and it 's fine sir I send him a hug
big and the truth is a nice image
it's a food is a nice story
alive, to tell the truth, it moves me.
It makes happy happy
I understand that the lord when he plays
When you play racing you will be happy and
when with independent ras it goes bloat
for racing and you will want me to do 5 6
7 10 goal in the game now I come from
marcela for your home husk the friend
because I'm saying how you're not going to
hang if it is if the pepper that you
we play football if he goes to school and
Argentines returned crazy one
it's over but it has to end all
this but of course clear but they are not
bitter
well I send you a hug
Today my life is perfume diaz
martín voley hesitate to publish de jj
rodríguez
a hug hugs thank you thank you
thank you very much thank you very much thank you
you do not want the punches soccer